Did you do some house cleaning when you were young?
What housework do you like or dislike doing?
Do you like making plans?
Do you use paper or your cellphone to make plans?
Are you often busy?
Are you busier now than when you were a child
Have you ever bought shoes online? 
Which do you prefer, fashionable shoes or comfortable shoes? 
you have an experience when you did something well? 
you often tell your friends when you do something well?  
Are there any rules for students at your school? 
Do you think students would benefit more from more rules? 
Have you ever had a really dedicated teacher? 
Do you prefer to have more or fewer rules at school? 
Have you ever talked with someone you don’t know in public places? 
Do you wear headphones in public places? 
Would you like to see more public places near where you live? 
Do you often go to public places with your friends? 
Have you ever worked with old people? 
Are you happy to work with people who are older than you? 
Do you enjoy spending time with old people? 
What are the benefits of being friends with or working with old people? 
Are you interested in growing vegetables and fruits? 
Is growing vegetables popular in your country? 
Do many people grow vegetables in your city? 
Do you think it’s easy to grow vegetables? 
Should schools teach students how to grow vegetables? 
Do you bring food or snacks with you when going out? 
Do you always take your mobile phone with you when going out? 
Do you often bring cash with you? 
How often do you use cash? 
Do you like quiet or noisy places? 
Would you like to go to quiet or noisy places on weekends when you are free? 
Is the city where you live crowded? 
Is there a crowded place near where you live? 
Do you like crowded places? 
Do most people like crowded places? 
When was the last time you were in a crowded place? 
Do you like chatting with friends? 
What do you usually chat about with friends? 
Do you prefer to chat with a group of people or with only one friend? 
Do you prefer to communicate face-to-face or via social media? 
Do you argue with friends? 
Do you like art? 
Do you like visiting art galleries? 
Do you want to be an artist? 
Do you like modern art or traditional art? 
Do you want to be an artist? 
Do you like modern art or traditional art? 
Do you like buying shoes? How often? 
Have you ever bought shoes online? 
How much money do you usually spend on shoes? 
Which do you prefer, fashionable shoes or comfortable shoes? 
Do you keep plants at home? 
What plant did you grow when you were young? 
Do you know anything about growing a plant? 
Do Chinese people send plants as gifts? 
Did you do some house cleaning when you were young? 
What housework do you like or dislike doing? 
Do you like cooking? 
How often do you cook? 
Do you enjoy cooking with others? 
Do you like to cook for a large group of people? 
What do you think of working as a waiter? 
Do you like making plans? 
Do you use paper or your cellphone to make plans? 
What are the benefits of making plans? 
Why is it that some people don’t make plans? 
What are the benefits of making plans? 
Why is it that some people don’t make plans? 
Have you had any achievements recently? 
How do you feel when you are praised?  
Do you think parents should often praise and encourage their children? 
When was the last time you praised someone? 
Have you ever been praised or encouraged by your teacher? 
Are you often busy? 
Why are you busy? 
When are you busy? 
Are you busier now than when you were a child? 
Have you ever sent a thank you card to others? 
Do people in your country often say ‘thank you’? 
On what occasions do you say ‘thank you’? 
Why do people need to say ‘thank you’? 
Do you often have free time? 
What do you usually do in your spare time? 
Which day do you have more free time on, Saturday or Sunday? 
Would you like to have more free time in the future? 
What is your favourite machine in your home? 
Do you think washing machines and sweeping machines are important? 
Do you read the instructions before using a machine? 
Do you think it is important to read the instructions? 
Are you a patient person? 
What is it that makes you feel impatient? 
How do you feel when you have to do something for a long time? 
Does your job require you to be patient? 
Are you more patient now than when you were a child? 
Do you love flowers? 
Do you know anyone who loves flowers? 
Are there a lot of flowers where you live? 
Do you take photos of flowers in your daily life? 
Do people in your country often send flowers to others? 
How often do you send text messages? 
Is sending messages popular in your country? 
Did you send more messages when you were younger? 
Do you reply to messages as soon as you receive them? 
When did you start using the internet? 
How often do you go online? 
How does the internet influence people? 
Do you think you spend too much time online? 
What would you do without the internet? 
Are you good at memorising things? 
Have you ever forgotten something important? 
What do you need to remember in your daily life? 
How do you remember important things? 
How do you like geography? 
Do you think geography is useful? 
Have you ever learned geography? 
Do you want to be a geography teacher? 
Will you learn more about the geography of other countries? 
Do you often go to the library？ 
What do you usually do in the library？ 
Did you go to the library when you were a kid？ 
Do Chinese kids often go to the library？ 
Do you know many small businesses where you live？ 
Do you prefer buying things from big companies or small businesses？ 
Have you ever worked in small businesses？ 
Have you ever thought about starting your own business？ 
Is there anything that has made you feel happy lately? 
What made you happy when you were little? 
What do you think will make you feel happy in the future? 
When do you feel happy at work? Why? 
Do you feel happy when buying new things? 
Do you think people are happy when buying new things? 
Have you ever learnt about outer space and stars? 
Do you like science fiction movies? Why? 
Do you want to know more about outer space? 
Do you want to go into outer space in the future? 
Do you often wear jewelry? 
What type of jewelry do you like? 
Do you usually buy jewelry? 
Why do you think some people wear a piece of jewelry for a long time? 
Do you often stay up late? 
Did you stay up late when you were a kid? 
What do you do when you stay up late? 
What does it feel like the next morning if you stay up late? 
Do you like eating chocolate? Why or why not? 
How often do you eat chocolate? 
Did you often eat chocolate when you were a kid? 
Why do you think chocolate is popular around the world? 
What’s your favourite flavour of chocolate? 
Do you think it is good to use chocolate as gifts to others? 
What kind of public transportation do you usually take? 
When do you usually take public transportation, in your everyday life or when you are travelling? 
Do most people prefer public transportation in your country? 
Did you take public transportation when you were a kid? 
Will there be more people taking public transportation in the future? 
What do you think are the effects of climate change in recent years? 
What’s the weather like where you live? 
Do you prefer cold or hot weather? 
Do you prefer dry or wet weather? 
Are you in the habit of checking the weather forecast? When and how often? 
Would you like to visit other cities that have different climates from where you live? 
What do you usually do on your birthday? 
What did you do on your birthday when you were young? 
Do you think it is important for you to celebrate your birthday? 
Whose birthday do you think is the most important to celebrate in Vietnam? 
Do you write a lot? 
What do you like to write? Why? 
Do you think the things you write would change? 
Do you prefer typing or handwriting when you are writing? 
How often do you keep diaries? 
What other methods do you use to record your life? 
Does your name have any special meaning? 
How would you choose names for your next generation? 
Are there any differences between how Vietnamese name their children now and in the past? 
Does anyone in your family have the same name as you? 
Are there any names that are more popular than others in Vietnam?
What snacks do you like to eat? 
Did you often eat snacks when you were young? 
When do you usually eat snacks now? 
Do you think it is healthy for you to eat snacks?
Did you do puzzles in your childhood? 
When do you do puzzles, during your trip or when you feel bored? 
Do you like doing word puzzles or number puzzles? Which is more difficult for you? 
Do you think it is good for old people to do puzzles? 
Would you prefer an exciting holiday or a peaceful holiday? 
Where did you go for your last holiday? 
Do you like holidays? Why? 
Which public holiday do you like best? 
What do you do on holidays? 
Do you like to spend your day at home? 
Do you prefer a leisurely or a busy holiday? 
Do you make a list when you shop? 
Do you make a list for your work? Does it work? 
Why don’t some people like making lists? 
Do you prefer to make a list on paper or your phone? 
Do you usually spend time by yourself? 
How do you usually spend your time by yourself? 
Do you like spending time by yourself? 
How do you usually spend your time by yourself? 